---
title: "35mm: A Musical Exhibition"
author: Ryan Scott Oliver
slug: 35mm
subheader: ""
subheader: ""
description: "What does it mean to \"capture life\" in a single frame? Are we defined by the moments \"in focus\" or the ones in between? 35mm: A Musical Exhibition challenges audiences to sink their teeth into a musical that doesn't offer answers, only moments, stopped in time. In a thrilling collaboration between music, dance, and design, 35mm features an eclectic selection of songs created alongside a series of photographs; exploring themes of life, love, and loss and asking us a deceptively simple question: What is it all for?"

tickets_link: https://uchicago-student-orgs.myshopify.com/collections/university-theatre-ut/products/35mm-a-musical-exhibition
roles: 
  Vocals:
  - role: Vocalist
    name: Crystina, Windham
    bio: is a fourth year Music and Cognitive Science double major at The College. Scientific Method (Sound Designer), Marian, or the True Tale of Robin Hood (Sound Designer), Twelfth Night (Music Director), Strings Attached (Vocal Director), Arcadia (Assistant Sound Designer), If/Then (Co-Sound Designer & A1). Crystina would be a 35mm long disco ball.
  - role: Vocalist
    name: Katy Yeh
    bio: is a third year TAPS and Economics major. In UT she has performed in If/Then (Anne), and workshop productions of Strings Attached (Amy) and Perfect Match (Katie). She has also performed through several performing arts organizations at UChicago, including UBallet, the Vocal Studies Program, and Women’s Ensemble. Katy would like to thank the wonderful cast and crew who have brought this show to life, and her family and friends for all their love and support! Enjoy the show :)
  - role: Vocalist
    name: Jessie Palmer
    bio: is a second year majoring in evolutionary biology and music. Previous UT credits include writing/directing the Royal Flush workshop and playing the definitely-moral Deputy Mayor in If/Then. Her favorite thing that is 35mm long is a hydra, a freshwater relative of jellyfish you can ask her about at your own risk.
  - role: Vocalist
    name: Harry Franklin
    bio: 
  - role: Vocalist
    name: Josh Winston
    bio: 'is a fourth year Middle Eastern Studies major. His previous shows with UT include The Trail to Oregon (Understudy - Men), Marian, or the True Tale of Robin Hood (Friar Tuck), The Laramie Project (Actor 4), Dead Fun Society (Ben), The Play that Goes Wrong (Chris/Inspector Carter), and If/Then (Josh). He would like to congratulate the entire team on getting a show of this magnitude up in only 4 weeks. If he were a 35mm object, he''d be a cylinder seal '
  - role: Vocalist
    name: Rory McGann
    bio: is a fourth year Molecular Engineering major and Theater & Performance Studies minor. He previous work at UChicago includes Falsettos (Director), The White City (Book/Lyrics/Composer/Director), Arcadia (Bernard Nightingale), Romeo and Juliet (Juliet), and Be More Chill (Rich Goranski). He would like to thank the company for giving such a brilliant life to this production in such a short amount of time, and for allowing him to sneak back onstage one more time before graduating. If he were to be a 35 mm-long thing, he would likely be the human appendix (albeit a small one).
  - role: Vocalist
    name: Nico Brown
    bio: is a fourth year Environmental and Urban Studies major.  He was last seen in If/Then (Stephen), and is excited to be a part of this workshop!  The 35 millimeter object that best represents him would probably be a nice acorn.
  - role: Vocalist
    name: Millie Walsh
    bio: is a first year Biochem major. This is her second UT show after performing as Kate in If/Then last quarter! Other favorite roles include Hope Cladwell (Urinetown), Berthe (Pippin), and Mercutio (R&J). If she was a 35mm long object it would be the Super Scribblenauts DSi game card she owned as an 8 year old.
  - role: Vocalist
    name: Emily Curran
    bio: 'is a third-year public policy major and TAPS minor. She currently serves as UT Committee Chair and a Theater[24] Curator. Her UT/TAPS credits include: 2025 BA Thesis Projects (Lighting Designer); If/Then (Committee Liaison); 13th Morning (Lighting Designer/Asst. Director); Arcadia (Asst. Lighting Designer); Much Ado About Nothing (Margaret); Strings Attached (Lighting Designer); Falsettos (Charlotte); Twelfth Night (Lighting Designer); Be More Chill (Asst. Lighting Designer); Macbeth in Space (Lighting Designer); and Romeo and Juliet (Asst. Lighting Designer). She would like to thank this amazing company for all of their hard work and dedication to this project as well as her delightful and fantastic roommates: Rachel and Joseph. SPEAKING OF, she would like to highly encourage you all to come see Cactus Flower during Week 7. It''ll be a good time. She swears. Enjoy the show!'
  - role: Vocalist
    name: Vinessa Friday-Fressola
    bio: is a third year in the College studying Environmental Science and CEGU. This is her first show with UT but hopefully not their last. The rehearsal room has become a safe space from biochem, MCAT studying, and her evil cat, Doom. Outside of this, they are a part of Cadenza A cappella (auditions in the fall!!) and just love to sing any and everywhere. If she were a 35mm object, she would be a headphone speaker driver or perhaps a thick book spine.
  Dance:
  - role: "Choreographer: Crazytown, Make Me Happy, Immaculate Deception & Dancer: Make Me Happy, Immaculate Deception"
    name: Maggie Onsager
    bio: has been a dancer since the age of 3, and began her training at the School of the Georgia Ballet in Kennesaw, GA. As a dance minor at Wake Forest University, she danced with the University Dance Company for two years (Go Deacs!). She is involved with the University Ballet of Chicago and the UChicago Dancers while working on her graduate studies at the University of Chicago and is also freelancing as a professional dancer in the city. 
  - role: "Choreographer: Caralee, The Party Goes With You & Dancer: Crazytown, The Party Goes With You"
    name: Sofia Delgado
    bio: 'is an alum of the College (BA ’23) and a Chicago-area dancer. She is SO excited to make her University Theater debut in 35mm! You may have seen her performing with University Ballet of Chicago, Tap That!, or in the 2025 Dance Pro Show “on the back of before.” You can see more of her original choreography premiering at Where Fun Comes to Dance next Thursday, May 1! If she was a 35mm-long object she would be an AirPod, as she does not leave the house without them — oncoming cars be damned. (or darned if i can''t say damn) (please let me say it it''s funnier)'
  - role: "Choreographer: Leave Luanne & Dancer: Crazytown, Leave Luanne"
    name: Nayana Tiwari
    bio: is a second year PhD in Quantum Science and Engineering. She has previously performed in the 2025 TAPS Pro Show "on the back of before." She is excited to make her choreography debut in 35 mm. If Nayana was a 35 mm object, she would a small (waterproof) band-aid.
  - role: "Dancer: Crazytown, Caralee"
    name: Nikita Munsif
    bio: 'is a former astrophysics major (AB ''24). Although this is their first show with UT, they have previously performed in many UBallet productions, including Romeo and Juliet (Benvolio) and Sleeping Beauty (Wolf), on the back of before (sutra: the interwoven), and several musicals in high school that we don''t talk about. When they aren''t playing with scissors and biting ankles, Nikita can be found attempting to cosplay various girls with brightly colored hair, teaching ballet class, or making zines. They are very excited to embrace their inner (or maybe outer) demon child in 35mm, and they would like to thank Eleni for aggressively recruiting dancers during Pro-Show as well as Sofia and Maggie for being delightful choreographers. '
  - role: "Dancer: Crazytown, Make Me Happy"
    name: Robert Stimpson
    bio: 
  - role: "Dancer: Crazytown"
    name: Ben Nieles
    bio: is a second year Chemistry major. He has previously performed with UBallet of Chicago in Sylvia (Eros) and Romeo and Juliet (Paris). If he was an object 35mm long he would be a sewing needle. 
  - role: "Dancer: Crazytown"
    name: Jalen Sutton
    bio: 
  Band:
  - role: "Conductor, Keyboard"
    name: Elena Gill
    bio: is an alum of the College who majored in Public Policy and Linguistics. She has previously worked on If/Then (Co-Music Director/Rehearsal Pianist/Keyboard 1), The Play That Goes Wrong (Sound Designer), Falsettos (Music Director/Rehearsal Pianist), Be More Chill (Co-Music Director/Rehearsal Pianist/Keyboard 1), Queen of Spades (Pianist/Rehearsal Pianist), Yivdak (Composer/Arranger/Music Director/Pianist), Trail to Oregon! (Piano 1/Rehearsal Pianist), and Love’s Labour’s Lost (Asst. Sound Designer). Outside of UT, she has worked on Court Theatre’s production of Falsettos as a Rehearsal Pianist. If she were a 35mm-long object, she would be a pair of black and white piano keys.
  - role: Drummer
    name: Loula Barnes
    bio: 'is a first-year Physics and Biological Sciences student. Last quarter she played percussion for UT''s production of "If/Then," and she can also be found drumming in various groups around campus. Loula is one of the six 35mm-long MoonGel damper pads (aka "snacks") currently stuck to the drum set.'
  - role: Violinist
    name: Himat Sidhu
    bio: is a second-year Neuroscience major and Music minor. She is a member of UChicago’s improv and sketch comedy group, Off-Off Campus, and has previously been involved in the Chamber Music program (performing Saint-Saëns Piano Trio No. 2 in E Minor) and in Theater[24]. This is her second time performing in a pit orchestra, the first being a production of Fiddler on the Roof. 
  - role: Violist
    name: Jad Khater
    bio: "is a first-year Computer Science student making his theatrical debut in 35MM: A Musical Exhibition. This production also marks his first full performance on viola in a concert setting while still hating Alto Clef."
  - role: Cello
    name: Sebastian Altomare
    bio: is a first-year Computer Science/Linguistics major and TAPS minor. This is his second UT credit after being the Assistant Music Director/Bass for If/Then. Outside of UT, he can be found performing around campus with the Dirt Red Brass Band and the Jazz Ensemble. If 35mm long, he would be a stick of chewing gum.
  - role: Bassist 
    name: Kaleigh Perez
    bio: is a fourth year studying History and Education. Previously, she has been in UT’s the Trail to Oregon, Muscle Memory, and a workshop called Paper Wasters. While she typically has preferred to be acting in a show, last quarter she played in a pit for the first time. She played flute in last quarter’s If/Then and is ecstatic to play bass for 35mm. Kaleigh is a music enthusiast and currently interns as an album reviewer for mxdwn.com. If she were a 35mm long object, she would probably be a paperclip. 
  - role: Guitar
    name: Sebatian Deery
    bio: 
  - role: Rehearsal Guitar
    name: Anthony Procaccio
    bio: 
  Production Staff:
  - role: Director
    name: Jo Selmeczy
    bio: "is a third year TAPS/CHDV major. This is their second time directing with University Theater; their first being A Midsummer Night''s Dream (Spring, 2024). Selected UT/TAPS Pro-Show credits include: on the back of before (Assistant Scenic and Projections Designer, Winter 2025) Arcadia (Noakes, Fall 2024), The Ballad of Oedipus (A2, Winter 2024), Falsettos (Props Designer, Winter 2024), The Wolves (#8, Fall 2023), and Romeo and Juliet (Romeo, Fall 2022). Jo currently works at the Court Theatre as the dramaturgy intern and is looking forward to being a part of UChicago''s MAPH program next year! If they were a 35mm long object, they would be the graceful keeled horn snail."
  - role: Vocal Director
    name: Maddy Demers
    bio: is a third year Music and Public Policy double major. Their previous UT credits include Falsettos (Cordelia) and If/Then (Assistant Vocal Director). They are a frame from A Charlie Brown Thanksgiving in which Woodstock is 35mm tall (as measured on her computer screen).
  - role: Co-Music Director, Rehearsal Pianist
    name: Elena Gill
    bio: is an alum of the College who majored in Public Policy and Linguistics. She has previously worked on If/Then (Co-Music Director/Rehearsal Pianist/Keyboard 1), The Play That Goes Wrong (Sound Designer), Falsettos (Music Director/Rehearsal Pianist), Be More Chill (Co-Music Director/Rehearsal Pianist/Keyboard 1), Queen of Spades (Pianist/Rehearsal Pianist), Yivdak (Composer/Arranger/Music Director/Pianist), Trail to Oregon! (Piano 1/Rehearsal Pianist), and Love’s Labour’s Lost (Asst. Sound Designer). Outside of UT, she has worked on Court Theatre’s production of Falsettos as a Rehearsal Pianist. If she were a 35mm-long object, she would be a pair of black and white piano keys.
  - role: Co-Music Director
    name: Loula Barnes
    bio: 'is a first-year Physics and Biological Sciences student. Last quarter she played percussion for UT''s production of "If/Then," and she can also be found drumming in various groups around campus. Loula is one of the six 35mm-long MoonGel damper pads (aka "snacks") currently stuck to the drum set.'
  - role: Choreographer
    name: Maggie Onsager
    bio: has been a dancer since the age of 3, and began her training at the School of the Georgia Ballet in Kennesaw, GA. As a dance minor at Wake Forest University, she danced with the University Dance Company for two years (Go Deacs!). She is involved with the University Ballet of Chicago and the UChicago Dancers while working on her graduate studies at the University of Chicago and is also freelancing as a professional dancer in the city. 
  - role: Choreographer
    name: Sofia Delgado
    bio: 'is an alum of the College (BA ’23) and a Chicago-area dancer. She is SO excited to make her University Theater debut in 35mm! You may have seen her performing with University Ballet of Chicago, Tap That!, or in the 2025 Dance Pro Show “on the back of before.” You can see more of her original choreography premiering at Where Fun Comes to Dance next Thursday, May 1! If she was a 35mm-long object she would be an AirPod, as she does not leave the house without them — oncoming cars be damned. (or darned if i can''t say damn) (please let me say it it''s funnier)'
  - role: Choreographer
    name: Nayana Tiwari
    bio: is a second year PhD in Quantum Science and Engineering. She has previously performed in the 2025 TAPS Pro Show "on the back of before." She is excited to make her choreography debut in 35 mm. If Nayana was a 35 mm object, she would a small (waterproof) band-aid.
  - role: Co-Production Manager
    name: Eleni Lefakis
    bio: is a fourth-year TAPS and RLLT double-major and former UT Treasurer. Her UT mainstage credits are The Heirs (Stage Manager); The Trail to Oregon! (Assistant Director/Dramaturg); Romeo and Juliet (Co-Production Manager); Marian, or the True Tale of Robin Hood (Assistant Director/Dramaturg); MacBeth in Space (Dramaturg); The Laramie Project (Stage Manager Collective™); Be More Chill (Co-Director); Twelfth Night (Pre-Production Manager); The Taming of The Shrew (Stage Manager/Assistant Dramaturg); Falsettos (Dramaturg); Richard III (Assistant Costume Designer); Strings Attached (Co-Director); The Play That Goes Wrong (Committee Liaison/Stagehand); A Midsummer Night’s Dream (Dramaturg); Much Ado About Nothing (Director/Co-Dramaturg); and Troilus & Cressida (Co-Production Manager). Eleni is currently working on Court Theatre’s world premiere production of Mickle Maher’s Berlin (Assistant Director) and UT’s production of Cactus Flower (Dramaturg/Boticelli’s Springtime). She is bonkers proud of this production and the fact that the team managed to both pull off a UT show that includes dancers (yay) and enact the return of the committee-facilitated show (yippee), what a way to go out! Eleni’s favorite 35mm object is the little eraser nubs that come in mechanical pencils.
  - role: Co-Production Manager
    name: Andrei Thüler
    bio: is a fourth-year Data Science Major, Science Communication & Public Discourse Minor. His previous University Theater Production Management credits include The Play That Goes Wrong (Spring 2024), and Be More Chill (Spring 2023). In his time at the University, he has filmed over 136 performances for UChicago’s Theater And Performance Studies department. It is therefore no surprise that if he was an object 35mm long, he would be an SD card. andreithuler.com 
  - role: Stage Manager
    name: Nayu Shimo
    bio: is a third year Psychology major and TAPS minor (unfortunately, crocheting is not a major offered here). She has previously worked on Welcome Back to My Channel (AD), The Arsonists (ASM), If/Then (APM), and Troilus and Cressida (Co-Stage Manager). She would like to thank the cast, crew, band, and most of all, the Logan Cafe staff for supplying her with cream cheese and lox bagels as well as grilled cheeses with tomato soups to get her through rehearsals. Her favorite 35mm object is a crochet place marker, which she has broken hundreds of. 
  - role: Scenic and Props Designer
    name: Rachel Linton
    bio: is a third year student at the Law School. She has previously worked on Macbeth (First Murderer/Fight Captain), The Wolves (Soccer Mom), The Ballad of Oedipus (Assistant Props Designer), Arcadia (Wardrobe Tech) and Eurydice (Costume Designer).
  - role: Costume Designer 
    name: Elisa Gao
    bio: is a second-year Astrophysics and TAPS major. She began working with UT as an Assistant Costume Designer for Falsettos, designing for the residents of Falsettoland. The Duchess of York and the Lord Mayor of London (Richard III) were proud to see her return to the FXK Theatre, contributing Costume/Props/Scenic work for Royal Flush and serving as Assistant Scenic Designer for Troilus and Cressida—all without needing to scream at her violent son. She is also currently conjuring an island outside the Logan Center as the Scenic Designer for The Tempest. Additionally, she is a Costume Coordinator for UBallet and a Quasimodo at Rockefeller Chapel, whose goal is to ring as little atonal music as possible. She would love to be a 35 mm meteor. 
  - role: Lighting Designer
    name: Lydia Gafford
    bio: is a second year History and Art History double major. In the past year, in and out of UT, Lydia has worked on If/Then, Royal Flush, Romeo & Juliet, Ester, Fiddler on the Roof, and a few dance productions. She has been working with lights since she was 14 and is currently a lighting technician at the Logan Center. If she was a 35mm object, she would be a blackberry.
  - role: Sound Designer & Assistant Projections Designer
    name: Sam Doepker
    bio: 'is a third year Computer Science major. All of their previous UT work has been in the sound department as a part of The Arsonists, A Midsummer Night''s Dream, Falsettos, and The Laramie Project. You can also find them inciting chaos as the sound designer of The Tempest later this quarter! Thank you to Will Rehmus for being the interim sound designer while Sam was abroad, and to the rest of the team for being incredible people to pull this off in such a short amount of time! If a 35mm-long object, Sam would be one of those really loud and clicky mechanical keycaps.'
  - role: Projections Designer
    name: Lee Gutman
    bio: 'is super excited to be designing for the first time on a show! She is a second-year Biology and TAPS major, and secretary of the Dean''s Men. She would be a 35mm ruler in inches, because her brain, inconveniently for a STEM major, stubbornly refuses to learn to think in the metric system.'
  - role: Assistant Vocal Director
    name: Katie Keeley
    bio: is a second year Creative Writing and Public Policy major. This is her second UT show, having previously acted in If/Then. If she were a 35mm object, she would be a Snapple cap. 
  - role: Assistant Production Manager
    name: Daniel Olmo
    bio: 
  - role: Assistant Stage Manager
    name: Amalia Benghiat
    bio: is a first-year Linguistics major and possibly Chemistry minor. After many years of stage managing middle school productions in high school, and assistant stage managing If/Then in the winter, she is excited to be a part of 35mm this spring! If she were a 35mm object, she would be a pom pom maker.
  - role: Assistant Stage Manager
    name: Genevieve Robinson
    bio: 'is a first year Chemistry major. This is her first production at University Theater, but has previously worked on high school productions of Romeo and Juliet (Actor), A Midsummer''s Night Dream (Actor), and Pandora''s Box (Stage Manager).'
  - role: Assistant Lighting Designer
    name: Reilly Pryma
    bio: is a first year and prospective Sociology and Creative Writing major. He enjoys, of course, writing fiction and worldbuilding, and exploring our modern world through it. This is his third UT show and first time on crew - he has done lighting design previously for other theaters. His signature skill is Conceptualization.
  - role: Assistant Lighting Designer
    name: André Tse
    bio: 
  - role: Assistant Sound Designer
    name: Will Rehmus
    bio: 
  - role: UT Committee Liaison
    name: Giancarlo Beritela
    bio: 


layout: show-info
year: 2025
quarter: spring
week: 5
location: Logan Theater West
location_link: https://goo.gl/maps/Rd7gzsGaCBNaBYrM7
season: 2024-2025 Shows
date: 2025-04-24
end_date: 2025-04-26


audition_contact: 
  - name: Nayu Shimo
    email: nshimo@uchicago.edu
    role: Stage Manager
production_contact:
  - name: Eleni Lefakis
    email: elenilefakis@uchicago.edu
    role: Co-Production Manager
  - name: Andei Thüler
    email: athuler@uchicago.edu
    role: Co-Production Manager
signup_link: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UwYXs_MEcp_SJCFvSofltQMguFGbfKMS8AlElcSyMRU/edit?usp=drive_link
sides_link: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1cFi1gUzYA5crNoBxiH-UYYW2Skf7YPUW?usp=drive_link
other_links:
  Audition Info: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1uZJiNVY2sacmhsXy4VDkJyTZw0jxLjFY?usp=drive_link
  Sides Music: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1LcpKgEjgKuulxmJchjkNK2Rw3FBV4KDK?usp=drive_link
  Virtual Auditions: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScGyWbGKBGv3M_QadOEHvKDWJKZNaaGHmHgxB2NUwoOGWt1qw/viewform?usp=header

---