---
layout: page
title: Logan 501
permalink: /locations/501
---

Located on the 5th floor of the [Reva and David Logan Center for the Arts](https://www.logancenter.uchicago.edu/), 501 is a blackbox theater/classroom space with up to 90 seats.


#### **Directions** 

<iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m18!1m12!1m3!1d1250!2d-87.60396645757874!3d41.785484267101!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x880e293b56e5605f%3A0x6c39cb25111a7dc8!2sReva%20and%20David%20Logan%20Center%20for%20the%20Arts!5e1!3m2!1sen!2sca!4v1750468816602!5m2!1sen!2sca" style="border:0; display:block; margin:auto; margin-bottom:0.5rem; width:min(100%, 600px); aspect-ratio:4/3" allowfullscreen="" loading="lazy" referrerpolicy="no-referrer-when-downgrade"></iframe>

After entering the Logan Center through the 60th Street entrance, the elavtors are to the left of the lobby. Take these evelators up to the 5th floor, where the theater will be on your left.

#### **Accessibility**

501 can be accessed from the elevators in the main lobby. Because the seating configuration in Logan 501 is configurable, accessible seating will be available on request. Please reach out to [UT Committee](mailto:ut-committee@uchicago.edu) to allow us to set things up in advance, or arrive early so that we can arrange something. 

Gender-neutral, wheelchair accessible bathrooms are available on both the 4th and 6th floors, which can be accessed via the main elevators. Gendered, wheelchair accessible bathrooms are located on the lower level, also via the main elevators.

Due to technical and financial limitations, we are typically unable to provide audio description, ASL interpretation, or alternate-print programs. If you are blind or have low vision, please reach out to [UT Committee](mailto:ut-committee@uchicago.edu) if there is anything else that we can provide to make the experience better for you.

Due to technical and financial limitations, we are typically unable to provide captions or assited hearing devices. If you are deaf or hard-of-hearing, please reach out to [UT Committee](mailto:ut-committee@uchicago.edu) if there is anything else that we can provide to make the experience better for you.

Information about sensory accessibility & sensitive content can typically be found on the show's info page. If it is not there, please reach out to [UT Committee](mailto:ut-committee@uchicago.edu) for more information.
